== Backyard Lion International Rails app

This is the Backyard Lion International Rails application.  It is an app to connect U.S. athletes with opportunities to play sports abroad.  Right now, the primary sport is American Football.  It is running in production with limited dynos at https://www.backyardlioninternational.com

=== Basics
Ruby version: 2.3.3

Rails version: Rails 4

Database: PostgreSQL 


=== System dependencies

=== Amazon S3

This app uses the [Paperclip gem](https://github.com/thoughtbot/paperclip) to manage attachments (images) which are stored on Amazon S3.

=== Google Drive

Data for colleges is managed on Google Drive and moved to the application database via a Rake task.

Much of the data is housed in Google Spreadsheets. These files must be shared (read-only) with a Google API service account.

Credentials for the service account go in `config/google_college_credentials.json`.

=== Database setup

This app uses a PostgreSQL database.

To create development and test databases, make sure PostgreSQL is running and then run

$ rake db:create


=== Running tests (There are nearly no tests currently for this app.)

The run the specs

$ rake spec

To run the Cucumber features

$ rake cucumber

=== Deployment

This app is deployed on [Heroku](https://www.heroku.com/).

The files `config/google_college_credentials.json` and `config/local_env.yml` should be copied manually on the Heroku server. 

These will be symlinked into the app's `config` directory upon deployment by the `deploy/before_migrate.rb` deployment hook.

We deploy the `master` branch.
